Add Cloud Computing Policy to the Handbook (#33587)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/finance/security.md

| @lheath       | 2025-10-01   |

This policy applies to all users of the company's cloud computing resources, including employees, contractors, vendors, and partners with access to the cloud services

- All cloud environments owned and operated by the company including Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS), and Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) deployed or managed by the Company are governed by this policy.
- Company's cloud resources must only be used for legitimate business purposes approved by the Company.
- Users must access company-owned cloud systems only with company-managed accounts and approved identity methods.
- Company data must only be stored in the company’s  cloud environments that have been security-reviewed and approved by the Information Security team.
- Personal use of company-provisioned cloud services is prohibited.
- Unauthorized sharing, downloading, or uploading of the company intellectual property to non-company cloud accounts is strictly forbidden.

#### Prohibited Activities

Users must not use the company's cloud resources to:

- Attempt to disable, bypass, or interfere with cloud security controls.

> - Deploy workloads that violatethe company policies or applicable laws (e.g., cryptocurrency mining, illegal content).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deploy workloads that violate the company policies or applicable laws (e.g., cryptocurrency mining, illegal content).
```
